1. Explain Polymorphism with an exmaple.

   Polymorphism: When object is a type of child class and reference is a type of parent class this is called as polymorphism. 
   And this is achieved by passing parameter by passing child references.
   
   Run time polymorphism: Here the override comes into picture--both classes having same method name but functionalities are differnt is run time polymorphism.
   Run time polymorphism is achieved using Method overriding. 
   
   Compile time polymorphism: Here the overload comes into the picture--here the methods having same name but different number of parameters
   or different type of parameter. Compile time polymporphism is achieved using Method overloading.
   
3. Explain Inheritence with an example.
 
   Inheritence: It is a process of acquaring the properties from parent class to child class or from derived class to base class.
   And this polymorphism is achieved using extend keyword.It is also called as is a relationship.
   
   For example: class AirForce extends ArmedForce
   
    Types of inheritence:
     
    1. Single inheritence:The process of acquaring the properties from one parent class to one single child class.
    Example: Simple calculator
	
    2. Multiple inheritence:The process of acquaring the properties from one parent class to one or more child class.
	Example:Nokia mobile phone--smart phone--android advance phone--android
	
    3. Multilevel inheritence:The process of acquaring the propertiees from 2 parent class to one child class.(not most likely to be used in industry)
	
    4. Hybrid inheritence	
	
4. Explain Encapsulation with an example.
    
    Encapsulation: The process of binding all data into one single unit is termed as encpsulation.
    This encapsulation is achieved using private keyword. 
    
    5 rules to be followed in encapsulation:
    1. Default constructor
    2. Public class
    3. Private data members
    4. Public getter and setter

2.  Explain Constructor chaining with an example.

    Constructor: Its a special type of method which has same name as class and this method does not have any return type.

    There are 2 types of constructor:
    1. Default constructor(Zero parameterized):This constructor has no parameter and it is defaultly created by compiler internally if the user does not.
       public class Intestellar{
        public void Intestellar(){
        }
       }		
    2. Parameterized constructor:This constructor has one or more parameter hence the name termed as parameterized constructor.
       public class Intestellar{
       public void Intestellar(String starName,String galaxyName){
       }
      }

    	  
      